I felt like I needed to print them somewhere to hold myself accountable and this is the perfect place.

I have goals for my life,all varying in their level of importance for me but I think it's fun to have something to look forward in life, motivation is always appreciated.

The most important goal is to be able to live off my art in a sustainable way. I dabbled in commissions and didn't really liked it ,too structural for my procrastination self. And I've seen artists around me struggle to find commissions at the end of the month to pay bills it really doesn't seem viable unless you already a certified figure in the art world. So there's multiple ways I could get to that goal checked closer, firstly would be create YouTube videos again. YouTube since it's creation has become the best platform when you want to live out of it, all people from others plateforms like Vine, Dailymotion, Newgrounds, Instagram and now tiktok come to YouTube because it is the most viable, the most paying and also where you find your loyal fanbase. Short content plateforms require to post often in the fear of being forgotten, people only see the content not the creator behind while YouTube even if you post every year you know you'll get your fanbase to see it, and it's just the easiest for collaboration and sponsorship too. So when I eventually start posting EndeNeka animations,maybe video essays and behind the scenes,story time and whatnot I think it will be the closest to being able to live off my art with the least amount of stress.

Another way would be Patreon but unlike YouTube that would mean people specifically paying for special content which I'm not sure if I'll be able to do as I really don't like conditions like that (I'm very stupid sometimes)

Whatever way I get to live sustainably from my art and to deliver myself from minimum wage, my next goal will definitely be to get a team around me. While I love animation,I dedicate all my life to it, I cannot for the life of me enjoy animation,it's just a really tedious part that I've always struggled with, my animations from five years look totally like the one from now so I think it's really important I get someone I get someone to actually turn my ideas into amazing animations. While it is a goal of mine to get better at animation, just doing the animatic and having someone to actually animate would be amazing as I would get to produce content for endeNeka quicker.

One writer because while I like the lore I've prepared for endeNeka, I think someone who actually know how to write stories could improve what feel like just a teenager version of a manga story  with his toys (which it is) to a more complete and thoughtful work.

And one bandmate for my music because I feel like music is a social thing and while day by day I slightly improve at my creation,what comes of it is still far from what actual bangers of songs I have in my head and having one bandmate to bounce ideas of would really elevate my work.

Obviously another goal of mine would be to actually end endeNeka, what used to be actually an AU for a previous story of mine became the project of a lifetime as I dedicate all my free time to it but at the same time due to my perfectionnism and procrastination,what I estimated five years ago to be ending in 2030 still haven't really started yet. I've got most of the story acts ready and I know what direction to go, and to help with my perfectionnism, starting with Zero is awesome because I get to finally start the lore with Zero serving as a prequel for the rest so not that important if things aren't as good and it just let me create much more instead of the already established lore I've came up five years ago. But eventually I do wish to do more than endeNeka. I still have lots of video games ideas and music unrelated to endeNeka that I wish to get to tackle one day. 

A neat goal of mine would be to win some sort of award. I haven't been really studious the past few years so I have yet to show a diploma to my hard working parents and while they understand my situation and also how much my art matters to me, I know they wish to see some of that beings something back so having a Pulitzer ,an Emmy, Grammy,maybe a Nobel or even just a Victoire or a NRJ music award if I'm keeping it local would bring me joy as I feel like it's the equivalent of a diploma as "okay this is notable enough to being celebred and certified"

Of course in the same way of validation, having my work displayed in museums or maybe my name displayed in a Street of Marseille (my birth city) would also be very gratifying.

When my art gets to another dimension , I would love to also being able to sustain for my family and we do come from a very low income and with inflation and political climate it has become harder for my family to strive, more than an award it would be the proudest thing to be able to not only provide for myself but for my whole family thanks to my creation and I believe I can achieve that goal if I work hard enough to found the people that will help get to that level.

Hopefully I'd be done with endeNeka by then but I'd wish to have a family, nothing big, two or three kids and just leave at peace in like a little house in Provence near Marseille where I'll live peacefully. That's the perfect way to finish life I think. The far away House in a field of wheat.

Last but not least for now is just to be able to inspire people with my work as much as I've gotten inspire in my youth with the artists on the internet like Quiet Tomato, Crazy is Crazy and Eddsworld to mention few names. And good news it seems to be already the case so I seem to be doing a good thing. 

I hope when I finally tick off all those goals in my own little french house with all my art plastered around the living room and having my wife and children by my side while sending money for my family to never ever having to suffer again, that I would be looking back at this page to what now seems like a dream to then a reality. :)